Introduce openapi spec (#178)
kyma-incubator/reconciler: openapi/README.md

> ## Swagger Editor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Show API specs in Swagger Editor
```

> To be able to show Open API specs from several files without error in Swagger Editor, you have to: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To successfully show Open API specs from several files in Swagger Editor, you have to: 

```

> 1. Run swagger using `docker-compose.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run Swagger using `docker-compose.yaml`:
```

   ```bash
   docker-compose up
   ```

> 2. Go to Swagger edit URL:`http://localhost:8081/?url=/docs/internal_api.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to Swagger edit URL:
`http://localhost:8081/?url=/docs/internal_api.yaml`
```

> Here is the [issue](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-editor/issues/1409) about error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reference, see the [issue](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-editor/issues/1409) related to Swagger not being able to show specs from several files.
```
